and Menard goes way down to the bottom
Nemechek trying to make his 13th Daytona
500 start in car number 13 there's every
man likes new spots three of them
side-by-side only two to make it and
then we come to three laps to go this
time he shaved his straightening out but
look at the road Mike Wallace in the oh
not going around palming on the 15 car
now but that's for also-ran position
Larry he has to get to the 13 of
Nemechek to get in the race great save
tire up on the 10 here's why but watch
this the 96 car goes up here in help see
done hurting this car down in control
sideways watch him he gives him a little
kiss straightens email go to save right
now Sterling Marlin and Joe Nemechek
while these two cars mike wallace back
out of there now it giveth bad and Paul
Menard hope something happens in front
of them in just a class
right now Jeremy Mayfield is jumping up
now pulling for storm on because it's
darling motor races his way in Jeremy
Mayfield will be in the Daytona 500 him
if he backs out they get in I don't know
if he's hurt or not I don't know what
he's going to do nowhere to hide
not in that pack and Jeff Gordon is come
from way way back to make a run here
right on the end he's going to go the
outside and here he comes
there's the race right there to get in
between the 13 to 14 in the O nine
Marlin has backed out so that means it's
Nemechek and Wallace here they come to
the flag Jeff Gordon's gonna win his
third duel at Daytona
nema checks in and it may be Mike
Wallace I believe Mike was Mike Wallace
did beat Sterling Marlin back to the
line